Dear friends of the rat community,

A couple of months ago, the moderator team of Rat Lovers United and some good rat loving friends (Drusilla Kehl of The Illustrated Rat and Janet Girard of Jagwear Jewelry) put in effort to create a fundraiser to benefit rats for promotion and for the education of proper treatment of rats and their health care. Due to circumstances beyond our control, our fundraiser had to be cancelled. Although we were all disappointed of the last minute cancellation, things do happen for a reason.
I believe now, that the reason was for the resident rats in need of Rhinelander Rat Rescue, and the person who devotes so much time for their well-being.

Those of you who have been around for years in the rat community know that when one of our own was in deep with health care bills and health trouble for their rats, somehow we all chip in to help each other whether it would be donations of money or material. Those of you who are new to the community will see just how close we all really do stick by one another. Well, one of our own has been struck down, and needs our help.

Shaz of Rhinelander Rat Rescue http://www.geocities.com/rhinelander_rat_rescue
has taken in the homeless and abandoned, flourished the sick back to health, raised ratties to be socially friendly, and adopted out rats to responsible rat lovers to create a better life for the rats she loves so much. That is her passion afterall. In reality, most of us have this passion too. We can all help rats in different ways with our own gifts and talents.

Are Rats not the one love we all share together and have in common? Are they not like our comic relief on bad days? Our understanding of true love in life? After all, they never will choose to hate us. Do they not stick by us and love us no matter what we do or face? They are not capable of hate, but only capable of love.
And love is what I am asking for, for our ratty children in need from our rat parent community. To combine our love together as rat lovers united and help a respected friend in the rat community so that she may continue on with her gifts and talents to provide for the rats in need.

Below is Shasta's words that was sent to Rat Lovers United.
After you read her post that was sent to RLU, please check out the fundraising raffle that we offer to benefit her needs.